hey guys welcome back to flicks recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we're
talking about the lusty head game that
is my teacher my obsession before we
start be sure to like the video share it
and subscribe to the channel if you dig
the commentary let's hit it
riley sumner a high school student and
her dad chris sumner a high school
english teacher have just moved to a new
town and this is their first day at
their new school
kyla who is also a student at the school
likes to take pictures and she's
snapping some candid photos for the
school yearbook when her eyes fall on
the new english teacher
kyla and chris have a perfectly normal
student-teacher moment in class
but kyla seems to have developed a
little crush on him
when she catches him waving at riley
after class she decides to find out how
they know each other
kyla finds riley in the computer lab and
the two bond over art
kyla finds out that riley is chris's
daughter and immediately asks if she
could come over to her place to study
english over the semester so it's the
first day of the semester and kyla is
already pretty obsessed with chris
she even stealthily takes his picture in
the parking lot
here's the first red flag
but later that afternoon kyla finds out
that her mother jess has a date with a
guy she met at the grocery store
as jess gets ready to go on her date
kyla can't stop fantasizing about chris
meanwhile trisha another girl in chris's
class also has a crush on chris and
starts flirting with him much to kyla's
chagrin
now trisha finds out that chris is
riley's dad and so she also tries to get
close to riley she advises riley against
hanging out with kyla and also invites
her to go shopping with her
but kyla sees all of this and is mad at
riley for talking to trisha
in fact she advises riley against
hanging out with trisha because trisha
is too obsessed with chris
and trisha has apparently had a similar
obsessive history with
well a history teacher at school who was
then fired
as you can tell there's already a lot of
confusing dynamics between all these
different players it's almost hard to
keep track of
that evening kyla calls riley to find
out her birthday and their conversation
soon digresses to chris
kyla reveals that she's actually 18
and casually asks riley if chris had
students crushing on him all the time
riley assures her that it doesn't matter
if students have a crush on chris
because he has a high moral ground and
is apparently already seeing someone he
met at the grocery store
at this point kylo realizes that her mom
is actually seeing riley's dad
and coincidentally chris shows up to
kyla's place that very moment to pick up
jess for the date
jess hadn't realized kylo was in chris's
class
she asks kyla if her dating her english
teacher would be too hard for her to
handle but kyla doesn't have a problem
however as chris and jess are about to
leave for their date kyla accidentally
spills some water on chris
now chris doesn't really have a backup
shirt
apparently in 2018 this was not a common
technique to prepare with so kyla
suggests that they should just have
their date at home and she could help
them cook dinner
as they have dinner kyla texts riley
telling her how it was so weird that
their parents were randomly dating each
other
at the same time kyla also tries her
best to keep chris and jess from getting
intimate with each other
as chris and jess are kissing kyla
screams from her room she comes running
downstairs and says that there was
someone outside her window watching her
as she was changing chris goes outside
to check but there's no one there
obviously
kyla says she'd feel safer if she stayed
with jess and chris for the rest of the
night effectively making it impossible
for them to take things to the next
level
meanwhile chris tells kyla that riley is
out with tricia for the night so he can
stay at their place
the next morning chris offers to drive
kyla to school with riley
when riley goes looking for kyla in the
school's dark room kyla is furious at
her for having gone out with trisha when
she explicitly told her not to
she says that the only reason trisha is
hanging out with her is to get closer to
her dad but riley says that trisha told
her about how kyla was the one who would
become obsessed with the history teacher
and not trisha
this makes kyla so mad that she
threatens tricia and warns her to stay
away from riley
that evening kyla takes some provocative
selfies seemingly prints them out and
stuffs a bunch of those printouts in her
own school locker the next morning
she pretends to be humiliated and uses
it as an opportunity to talk to chris
this girl has balls
meanwhile riley and kyla make up and
apologize to each other
kyla confesses that it was indeed she
who got involved with the history
teacher the previous year
but she also lies that she had taken
those provocative selfies for that
history teacher and that trisha must
have caught hold of those pictures and
made them public
that's what i'm talking about the balls
on this girl
that night chris goes to kyla's place
since he has another date with her mom
while he's in the bathroom kyla picks up
his phone which is receiving several
sexually charged texts apparently from
trisha
she tells her mom about this who then
confronts chris and breaks up with him
while kyla sits back and enjoys
later as a devastated and confused chris
sits out in his car kyla steps out of
her house and comes by
out of the blue she starts getting
pretty handsy with him and chris is
clearly uncomfortable she climbs on top
of him and starts kissing him and even
as chris asks her to stop
it's clear to us that he wants to give
in to the temptation
later it's revealed to us that kyla was
sending all those messages pretending to
be trisha and kyla takes it a step
further the next day at school
administrators expel trisha because they
found a broken phone with kyla's
pictures in trish's locker
that night riley is having her 18th
birthday party kyla gives riley her gift
but she's more interested obviously in
looking for chris
she enters chris's room without him
knowing and starts massaging him
chris isn't in a good mood but kyla
offers to make him happy
chris knows exactly what she means but
he seems to have two minds about it
he can't get intimate with her but he
really wants to
ultimately he does end up
keeping her company
unfortunately for him though riley walks
in and catches both him and kyla in the
act
shocked riley runs out and chris follows
her and they get into an argument in
front of all their guests
riley leaves the party and chris goes
looking for her he's unable to find her
that night and only sees her at school
the next morning but she's too angry to
talk with him
she did however contact jess about
kyla's inappropriate relationship with
chris and when she finds out jess shows
up at the school slaps chris a bunch of
times and promptly takes kylo with her
she also now believes that kyla had made
up lies about trisha
meanwhile chris apologizes to riley and
she forgives him
now kyla calls trisha asking her to meet
her and then provokes her to hit her
when trisha resists and doesn't hit her
kyla starts hitting herself and
intentionally breaks her fingers like an
absolute psychopath
chris and riley who happen to have just
arrived in their car hear kyla groaning
and get out to help her
kyla lies to chris that trisha broke her
fingers so riley calls 9-1-1 and the
police take trisha away
seeing kyla at the hospital jess is now
convinced that she wasn't lying about
trisha after all
meanwhile riley confronts kyla in the
hospital to let her know that she's
still mad at her and that chris will
never see her again but kyla still tries
to get riley to cover for her as the
camera person for the girls volleyball
match in her stead
reluctantly for the sake of the team
riley agrees
kyla also requests riley to allow her
one last chance to say goodbye to chris
but when chris comes in to talk to her
kyla says that now that jess and riley
think that she's no longer seeing chris
there will be no family interference in
their relationship
chris at this point shocked by kyla's
obsession tries to make her understand
that he doesn't share those feelings for
her not even close
he even says that he's going to clean
out his desk that night and quit his job
so kylo would leave them alone
chris reaches the school and calls riley
to ask her to help him clean out his
classroom but as riley starts walking
towards her dad's classroom someone
turns off the lights
turns out kyla ran away from the
hospital she confronts riley and stabs
her with a surgical knife
then she goes to chris's classroom
threatens to slash his throat and tries
to get intimate with him while holding
the knife to his throat
when chris realizes that kyla has harmed
riley he pushes her off himself to go
and look for her
but kyla tries to stop him and
accidentally makes him trip and hit his
head
she drags away chris's unconscious body
and shrieks
the night janitor finds her after he
hears the scream
seeing her distressed he leaves to get
some help but kyla follows him
meanwhile riley who is still alive comes
running to the janitor with bloodied
hands and asks him to run but it's too
late
as if she were playing among us in real
life kyla slashes the janitor's throat
she then runs after riley but riley
ultimately hits her and manages to take
control
by this time chris has regained
consciousness and riley and kyla are
both taken to a hospital
months later chris and riley have moved
to a new place and chris is ready to
take up a new teaching job while riley
is excited about her first day of
college
but as riley is driving off to college
we see a hooded figure who we can assume
to be kyla emerged from hiding meaning
that she's still obsessively following
chris
part of why i dig this movie is that
except for the end it's not super
grotesque yet still incredibly
suspenseful and pretty shocking
my teacher my obsession throws a lot of
head games at its viewers with deception
faulty communication he said she said
finger-pointing and unexpected social
twists within the game of lust
ironically it seems very much like it
could be a modern adaptation of a
shakespeare work
and
let's face it for a handsome looking
dude that goes on to be an english
teacher at a high school
this drama is probably as good as it's
gonna get
what do you think what stuck out most to
you let me know in the comments and of
course be sure to like the video and
subscribe to catch the next recap until
next time